Migration questions come with a client's system on the line, so the answers have to be exact.
p02
Everything in this lesson comes straight from the Migration FAQ.
p03
If a question falls outside it, you park it and ask.
p04
You never improvise.
p05
Here is the whole client-side story.
p06
To reach WashCentral, they need one thing: the new URL.
p07
It comes to them directly, or WashAssist redirects them automatically.
p08
That is it.
p09
This next part prevents most migration support calls.
p10
Credentials do not change.
p11
Users are not re-created, and data is not copied over.
p12
WashCentral runs on the WashAssist data.
p13
So a migrated client signs in with the exact login they already had.
p14
For brand-new clients, nothing about your process changes.
p15
The Pre-Configuration team onboards them the same way as always.
p16
The only difference is the URL they are given.
p17
Switching an existing client depends on the phase.
p18
During beta, you submit a Jira ticket on the CSI board, and Development redirects the URL.
p19
Once it reaches general availability,
p20
Tech Support makes the switch directly in the Admin Portal, no ticket needed.
p21
One consequence to know.
p22
After the redirect, the client can no longer reach WashAssist.
p23
The only way back is to reverse the switch.
p24
And it does reverse.
p25
The same path that made the switch undoes it.
p26
In beta, that is another Jira ticket on the CSI board to revert the redirection.
p27
So when a client asks to move back to WashAssist for month-end, that is your answer.
p28
Clients often ask what becomes of the old system.
p29
WashAssist goes into support mode, critical fixes only,
p30
for a period still to be set, and is eventually retired.
p31
Their data stays available in WashCentral the whole time,
p32
because WashCentral was already using it.
p33
So the short version you can say with confidence:
p34
the login stays the same, only the URL changes,
p35
the switch is a CSI Jira ticket in beta or an Admin Portal action at general availability,
p36
it is fully reversible, and no data is lost.
p37
Anything the FAQ does not answer, you park and confirm.